ngx bootstrap provide us with style sheet to make our application look nicer

ng-bootstrap uses an object, but ngx-bootstrap will take a string which is way easier to use.

angular
single page application framework
A component-based framework for building scalable web applications

8 Advantages of Angular for Businesses and Developers
Faster Development Process.
Readable and Testable Code.
More Lightweight Web Applications.
Efficient Problem-Solving Patterns.
Excellent Material Design Library.

What is Node. js (Node)?
Node. js (Node) is an open source, cross-platform runtime environment for executing JavaScript code.

RouterLink
When applied to an element in a template, makes that element a link that initiates navigation to a route.

CurrencyPipe
PIPE
Transforms a number to a currency string, formatted according to locale
rules that determine group sizing and separator, decimal-point character, and other locale-specific configurations.

Clean architecture
is a software design philosophy that separates the elements of a design into ring levels

Principles of Clean Architecture

Independent of any framework
layers must be so well separated that they can survive individually, without the need for externals.

Testable
each layer can be tested individually

Possibility of changes


angular directive
Structural Directives are directives which change the structure of the DOM by adding or removing elements.

There are three built-in structural directives, NgIf, NgFor and NgSwitch.
[ngSwitch] directive on a container specifies an expression to match against.


attribute directive

NgClass  Adds and removes CSS classes on an HTML element.
ngModel directive is a directive that is used to bind the values of the HTML controls (input, select, and textarea
ngSubmit specifies a function to run when the form is submitted
Form groups wrap a collection of form controls.  Just as the control gives you access to the state of an element


two way binding
Two-way data binding in Angular will help users to exchange data from the component
to view and from view to the component. It will help users to establish communication
bi-directionally.

one-way binding
One-way data binding will bind the data from the component to the view (DOM)
or from view to the component. One-way data binding is unidirectional.
You can only bind the data from component to the view or from view to the component.

#name = 'ngmodel'  template refernce value


[routerLinkActiveOptions]  Options to configure how to determine if the router link is active
